well howdy there internet people it's
beau again
so today we are going to talk about
rewards
texas and uh mysteries
so if you don't know the lieutenant
governor of texas dan patrick
has offered a reward a million dollar
reward
for evidence that would back up trump's
claims
you know as anybody who has ever run an
investigation will tell you
you offer a reward when you have
evidence when you have proof
when you have everything lined up and
you have a completely clear picture of
what occurred
that's when you offer a reward of course
not
you offer a reward when you have no
evidence
when you have no leads when you have
nothing to go
on that's when you offer a reward
perhaps the reason nobody has any
evidence
nobody has any leads nobody has anything
to go on
is uh trump's lying
maybe maybe that's it maybe it's really
that simple
he just made it up maybe he's just
acting like a spoiled child throwing a
temper tantrum
maybe that's what's happening would make
a whole lot more sense
because as widespread as this would have
to be to actually influence the election
there would be evidence it should be
pretty easy to find
but it's not showing up anywhere those
people who say they have it they recant
or whatever it never materializes
now that being said a million dollars is
a million dollars i was gonna go
look but it turns out that ted lou
is offering a reward of his own
he's offering a million bucks to go uh
find evidence of bigfoot
and to be honest that seems a whole lot
easier
so i think that's probably the route i'm
going to go
at the same time i want to point
something out there's no evidence
there's no evidence if there was they
wouldn't be offering a million dollar
reward
they have no leads they have nothing to
go on yet that's what they're focused on
they're not focused on the public health
issue that is spiraling out of control
they're not focused on the transition
because a lot of these guys
are outgoing perhaps it's because they
constantly
follow trump's lead without any critical
thought
rather than i don't know paying
attention to the public health issue
maybe those two things are related at
the end of the day
i think we all expected trump to throw a
temper tantrum and
claim that he was cheated or whatever i
think we all saw that coming
but i'll be honest what i didn't see
was so many people
throwing their lot in with his
i didn't see that happening to be honest
all of these people
when this is all said and done when this
gets recorded in the history books
their name is going to go down alongside
trumps
they're going to be the people who get
mentioned
as those who attempted to end the
american experiment
those who attempted to undermine the
elections
those who attempted to end
the us as we know it
because some spoiled billionaire
couldn't take losing
anyway it's just a thought y'all have a
good day